docs: pie and sunburst (#49056)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/sharing/visualizing-results.md

![Scatter](../images/scatter.png)

> ## Pie, donut, and sunburst chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pie, donut, and sunburst charts
```

> A [pie chart or donut chart](./visualizations/pie-or-donut-chart.md) can be used when breaking out a metric by a single dimension, especially when the number of possible breakouts is small, like accounts by plan. A [sunburst chart](./visualizations/pie-or-donut-chart.md) chart is a multi-dimensional pie chart that can be used to a metric with multiple hierarchical breakouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [pie chart or donut chart](./visualizations/pie-or-donut-chart.md) can be used when breaking out a metric by a single dimension, especially when the number of possible breakouts is small, like accounts by plan.

A [sunburst chart](./visualizations/pie-or-donut-chart.md) chart is a pie chart with more than one ring to show the data broken out by additional dimensions.
```
What do you think of this revision? The original was a bit technical; we can spell out that stuff on the pie chart page.
